CATEGORY 1 (Crawford specific):
1. Crawford & Company" or "Crawford," not "Crawford and Company".
2. App names (WeGoLook and YouGoLook) must not  be broken up (e.g. We Go Look).
3. Crawford Catastrophe Services, not Crawford Catastrophe.
4. The trademark symbol must follow Crawford and business unit names on first use.
5. Lowercase department names within the company.
6. Workers compensation not workers' compensation. 
7. Detect spelling and grammar errors.

CATEGORY 2 (Phone Numbers):
8. Use periods as separators (ex., 123.456.7890 and 1.800.123.4567.)

CATEGORY 3 (Showing possession)
9. Plural nouns not ending in s: add 's. Ex., the alumni's contributions, women's rights.
10. Plural nouns ending in s: add only an apostrophe. Ex., the churches' needs, the girls' toys, the horses' food.
11. Nouns plural in form, singular in meaning: add only an apostrophe. Ex., mathematics' rules, measles' effects.
12. Nouns are the same in singular and plural: treat them the same as plurals, even if the meaning is singular. Ex., one corps' location, the two deer's tracks, the lone moose's antlers.
13. Singular nouns not ending in s: add 's. Ex., the church's needs, the girl's toys, the horse's food.
14. Special expressions: the following exceptions to the general rule for words not ending in s apply to words that end in an s sound and are followed by a word that begins with s: for appearance' sake, for conscience' sake, for goodness' sake. Use 's otherwise: the appearance's cost, my conscience's voice.
15. Pronouns: Personal interrogative and relative pronouns have separate forms for the possessive. None involve an apostrophe: mine, ours, your, yours, his, hers, its theirs, whose.
It is acceptable to use the pronoun "they" when referring to an individual who identifies as non-binary.

CATEGORY 4 (Abbreviations, acronyms & initialisms):
16. Abbreviations should be spelled out on first reference, with the abbreviation following immediately in parentheses and in subsequent sentences. Use full name in the first reference; abbreviation after that. If there is no second reference, no need to use an acronym. Don't use abbreviations that readers would not recognize.
17. When acronyms or abbreviations are placed in parentheses, quotation marks are not necessary, except when using shorthand terms that will replace another term, usually language required for legal purposes.
18. Never abbreviate the days of the week, percent as %, cents as ¢, and as & unless it is an official part of a name, Christmas as Xmas.
19. The following formal titles are capitalized and abbreviated as shown when used before a name both inside and outside quotations: Dr., Gov., Lt. Gov., Rep., Sen. and certain military ranks (e.g., Gov. Nathan Deal; Gov. Deal; Nathan Deal, governor).
20. U.S. states and territories should be spelled out in running prose. When abbreviating these for lists or mailing addresses, use two-letter postal codes. When referring to the United States as a noun, spell the words out. The adjective form should contain periods. Democracy in the United States; U.S. democracy. UK can be abbreviated in all cases but does not contain periods; the U.S will always use periods. Avoid using state abbreviations in headlines.

CATEGORY 5 (Addresses):
21. For numbered addresses, always use figures. Abbreviate Ave., Blvd., and St. and directional cues when used with a numbered address. Always spell out other words such as alley, drive and road. If the street name or directional cue is used without a numbered address, it should be capitalized and spelled out. If a street name is a number, spell out First through Ninth and use figures for 10th and higher (don't use superscripts for "th," "nd" or "st").
For example:  101 N. Grant St., Northwestern Avenue, South Ninth Street, 102 S. 10th St., 605 Woodside
